So again, what are some characteristics of Cloud-Native systems?
They're Elastic, so they can scale up and scale down.
They're also Fault- tolerant,
so a typical cloud system will have many regions around the world.
Inside of those regions,
they also have different availability zones,
and these different availability zones will actually have this fault- tolerance built in.
So let's say there was availability zone A,
there's availability zone B,
there's availability zone C,
you can actually design your application across all three of
those availability zones and if one of them went down,
your application will still run.
That's this concept of designed for failure.
One company that's really made a big deal of this is Netflix.
Netflix has built their infrastructure on top of the AWS Cloud provider.
As a result, they've intentionally planned on things constantly failing.
That's really a design principle.
That's a Cloud-Native design principle as said.
You should expect things should fail.
You should expect that occasionally an availability zone will die
and you need to account for the fact that
you'll have your application in another availability zone.
You can also account for the fact that a region would
die and you also have your application run in a different region.
So these are all core concepts that are really completely orthogonal to
a traditional database or a traditional data center or non-cloud native system
and it's a different way of thinking.
Finally, we've talked about this previously.
This is an Event-driven architecture.
You don't need to have servers running constantly.
You can create logic,
put the logic somewhere in the Cloud and then eventually when that logic needs to run,
you'll actually get a response.